
 PROJECT  - Provide a network to allow interactive and file transfer access
            between Hemel Hempstead and Irvine for Development,and between
            Woking and Cypress for Unigraphics.Future requirements will be a
            link to Cologne,which may well be additionally justified as being
            a network "gateway" into Europe.

 SOLUTION - Install one transatlantic 56K leased line between Hemel and Irvine,
            with similar links to Woking and Cypress at each end.Install Cisco
            Routers at each site to perform Routing and Bridging functions,and
            to allow access to all currently used protocols.

 ISSUES   - The DECnet and IP protocols,in particular,require specific 
            addressing schemes,with IP requiring a Class B address allocation
            from the Governing Body,NIC.Each DECnet Area will need to be unique
            within our own domain,and will also need to interface to parts of
            the McDonnell Douglas Corporation network as opposed to MDISI.

 I was particularly concerned about the possible enhancements to this network
 and how we could manage it correctly for simpler future expansion.Most of the
 above issues were resolved and further topics introduced,such as the need
 to use the EGP and IGRP protocols to interface correctly to other networks.
 Therefore,I have applied for a unique Autonomous System number from the NIC
 which should allow us to connect to any network conforming to TCP/IP standards
 without broadcasting any routing information to an alien network.

 I have listed my activities below for your information:-

 24th June - Cisco Training - Shun Ng
             Covered basic configuration and DECnet Area considerations.

 25th June - Cisco Training - Shun Ng
             Internal bridging,TCP/IP,Routing principles.IGRP vs RIP.

 26th June - Cisco Training - Shun Ng
             Debug facilities,Broadcast limitation.Problem diagnosis.

 27th June - 9:00am Meeting with Mani Sanj,Irvine,to address various issues
             including Network Management,Autonomous Systems,and changes 
             to the configuration of the installed Routers.

             2:00pm Meeting with Peter Carillo,Global Network Manager for
             MDC.

 28th June - John Augustine,MDISI Network Manager,Cypress.Discuss specific
             configuration details for Cypress,global DECnet parameters,and
             ongoing maintenance and support.

             Progress Class B addressing scheme for IP protocol with SRI,as 
             well as request unique AS number for IGRP Routing.

 The network will be managed from the UK,but specifics have yet to be 
 addressed with Dave Weight.Access to the Cypress Router Management,however,
 will be restricted with it being a gateway,but I have negotiated free support
 and maintenance at this site.

 Regards,

 Hywel
